You can read spec sheets all
day long, but when it comes
time to choose a pistol,
nothing matters if it
doesn't feel right.
And if you want a polymer
frame pistol with superb
ergonomics, absolute safety,
and extraordinary precision,
the Steyr family of A1
pistols can't be beat.
The A1 is available in a
range of grip sizes and barrel
lengths, but unifying them
all is Steyr's insistence
on making this feel better
in your hand than any
other pistol out there.
But the design isn't
all about comfort.
Steyr's pistols virtually
eliminate the muzzle rise
found in most pistols,
allowing you to come back
on target quicker when
precious seconds count.
The Steyr line also utilizes-